Lou Tingyue, you eat my tofu
Why do you eat your tofu? Do you understand?
You were the one who held me tight last night
You are talking nonsense.
Ah!
You see you see
I'm not talking nonsense
Obviously it's you
That doesn't mean I took the initiative last night
unreasonable?
Forget it, I won't tell you, I'm going to change clothes
Hey, hey, hey.
It's still early, keep sleeping, keep sleeping
What are you doing? Sleep
Rock paper scissors
I win
Brother, who is that? He is a flower.
Always steal dad
I don't like his brother, so let's send him away.
Go away.
Dad won't see you
Lu Ji
Hurry up and open the door for me, auntie, hurry up
We have a big dog at home
If you don't leave, I'm going to let the dog go
Lu Ji
Don't lie to me, I won't believe it.
Small building, wait for me.
Hee hee you are awesome